
a win adds to the losses instead

See all bots button doesnt work

opponent 'cards' are longer on the duel screen when a bots name takes two lines


check the draw button
Check that you can choose a card
Check that you can choose two cards
check that you can put a card back
check that the card is the same when 
check the see all bots button
check that the cards are the same on the first page
check dual button
make sure the correct outcome happened - the math is correct for the attacks vs the health
check that a win adds to the win counter
check that a loss adds to the loss counter
check that the win counter is persistant
check that the loss counter is persistant
check that the cards are the same in the dual screen


TEST CASE:
Click See All Bots Button
--------------------------
Description: This test will verify that the See All Bots button works

STEPS: 
	1. Navigate to the home page
	2. Click See all bots button
TEST POSTCONDITIONS: 
	- the entire array of bots should display on screen
	
SEE ALL BOTS BUG REPORT
------------------------
Description
	The See All Bots button does not display any bots
	
Steps to Reproduce
	1. Navigate to the home page
	2. Click See all bots button 
Expected Result 
	All of the bots in data.js should display in cards

Actual Result
	No bots are displayed; 
	Console Error code: 400 "ERR_BAD_REQUEST
	Node error: ERROR GETTING BOTS ReferenceError: botsArr is not defined
    at C:\Users\Rebec\Desktop\devmountain\assessment-qa-devops\server.js:27:26
	
Environment: 
	Firefox 104.0.2 (64-bit)
	Windows 10
	
	
 BUG FIX:
	change Botsarr on line 27 in server.js to bots
	- Botsarr did not exist, we were destructuring bots off of data.js 
	
WIN COUNTER BUG REPORT
-----------------------
Win counter does not update. When a duel is won, the loss counter is increased 

Steps to Reproduce
	1. navigate to main page
	2. Click the Draw card
	3. Click the "add to duo" of the highest health card avaliable
	4. Click the "add to duo: of the next highest health card avaliable
	5. Check to see if "you won!" text appears 
	6. if lost - hit "play again" button and repeat steps 2-5 until a win
	
Expected Result
	Win counter should increase by one
	Lose counter should stay the same
	
Actual Result
	Win counter stays the same
	Lose counter increases by one 
	
Environment
	Firefox 104.0.2 (64-bit)
	Windows 10
	